EntertainmentGame
=================

Name : CowsAndBulls 

Remote Centre ID (RC_ID) : 

College / Institute Name : Shree L.R Tiwari College of Engineering


City, State, Pin Code : Thane, Maharashtra, 401107 

Name of the Student : Divya Aishwarya

About : CowsAndBulls game is an exciting way to learn about the probability of occurrence of a digit in a randomly chosen three digit number with distinct digit. The game allows the user to guess a three digit number using two types of clues, namely number of cows and number of bulls. Whenever the user guesses a three digit number, the digits are compared with a finite three distinct digits number randomly chosen by the computer (this randomly chosen number never changes till the game is over). When a digit in the guessed number matches the digit in the randomly chosen number but the place of occurrence is different then the clue recieved is '1 cow' and when the place of occurrence of the digit is same then the clue recieved is '1 bull'. So, the player's aim is to guess the three digit number correctly within seven chances using the clues provided in each guess. The game is over only if the player runs out of chances or guesses the number correctly. 

Installation procedure : Step 1: Download the CowsandBulls.apk file in the bin folder 
Step 2: Save it in the Android folder in the File Manager directory of the device.
Step 3: Clip on the CowsandBulls icon in the saved folder (the app starts installation automatically).


Usage :-
 Step 1: Click on the CowsandBulls app icon in your grid.
 Step 2: Click on the text field to guess the number, enter a number and press hit button to validate the chance. Now if the number is valid i.e. the number has distinct digits and is a three digit number then the clues appear on the screen and one chance is validated.
 Step 3: Once you hit an invalid number, a message appears to provide a valid entry and the chance is not counted.
 Step 4: Keep repeating step 2 until the number is guessed correctly or till the game over message appears.
 Step 5: You can press the New Game button to start a new game and a new random number generated by the computer. 

 Contact :- divya.aishwarya92@gmail.com 

 License :- https://github.com/divya92aishwarya/EntertainmentGame/blob/master/LICENSE
